resources/README.md, before:

# Description

## Scripts invoked via `npm` and `npm run`

### `buildFlow.js`

For each `.js` file under `src`, creates a corresponding `.js.flow` file under `dist`; these files are included in the published NPM packages, so that codebases can consume the Flow types. This script is invoked via `npm run build-flow` (and also `npm run build`).

### `buildJs.js`

Compiles `.js` files under `src` using Babel, writing the output to `dist`. This script is invoked via `npm run build-js` (and also `npm run build`).

### `checkDependencies.js`

Makes sure that packages don't depend on different versions of other packages, and that all development dependencies have been hoisted up from packages in the `packages` directory and into the main (top-level) `package.json` file. This script is invoked via `npm run check-dependencies` (and also `npm test`).

### `prepublish.js`

This script is invoked via `npm run prepublish`.

### `pretty.js`

Prettifies the code base, or tests that it is already prettified. This script is invoked for these two purposes respectively via `npm run pretty` and `npm run pretty-check` (and also `npm test`).

## Scripts invoked directly

### `bumpVersion.js`

Dependency-aware helper script for bumping a package version number. For example `resources/bumpVersion.js --patch types` will bump the "graphql-language-service-types" package from version "x.y.z" to "x.y.z+1", and also bump all the packages that depend on it (directly or transitively).

## Scripts invoked automatically

### `hoistDependencies.js`

Used by Travis CI (which only runs jobs at the top level) to hoist all dependencies up into the main `package.json`. Additionally, rewrites references from `dist` to `src` so that Flow can run locally and check types across all the packages in the repo. You shouldn't have to run this manually unless you want to do local Flow troubleshooting.

Commit message:

upgrade babel to 7, consolidate config - consolidate subpackage .babelrc's into root babel.config.js as per https://babeljs.io/docs/en/config-files#monorepos - use yarn everywhere instead of npm - add buildJs script - migrate resources/ to commonjs, eliminating need for babel-node and per-subpackage config

resources/README.md, after:

# Description

## Scripts invoked via `npm` and `yarn run`

### `buildFlow.js`

For each `.js` file under `src`, creates a corresponding `.js.flow` file under `dist`; these files are included in the published NPM packages, so that codebases can consume the Flow types. This script is invoked via `yarn run build-flow` (and also `yarn run build`).

### `buildJs.js`

Compiles `.js` files under `src` using Babel, writing the output to `dist`. This script is invoked via `yarn run build-js` (and also `yarn run build`).

### `checkDependencies.js`

Makes sure that packages don't depend on different versions of other packages, and that all development dependencies have been hoisted up from packages in the `packages` directory and into the main (top-level) `package.json` file. This script is invoked via `yarn run check-dependencies` (and also `npm test`).

### `prepublish.js`

This script is invoked via `yarn run prepublish`.

### `pretty.js`

Prettifies the code base, or tests that it is already prettified. This script is invoked for these two purposes respectively via `yarn run pretty` and `yarn run pretty-check` (and also `npm test`).

## Scripts invoked directly

### `bumpVersion.js`

Dependency-aware helper script for bumping a package version number. For example `resources/bumpVersion.js --patch types` will bump the "graphql-language-service-types" package from version "x.y.z" to "x.y.z+1", and also bump all the packages that depend on it (directly or transitively).

## Scripts invoked automatically

### `hoistDependencies.js`

Used by Travis CI (which only runs jobs at the top level) to hoist all dependencies up into the main `package.json`. Additionally, rewrites references from `dist` to `src` so that Flow can run locally and check types across all the packages in the repo. You shouldn't have to run this manually unless you want to do local Flow troubleshooting.
